Dear [Company Name],

My name is Alex, and I am a highly motivated Year 11 student from NUSA
studying GCSEs in Product Design, Psychology, Statistics, Computer Science,
Further Maths and Spanish - with predicted straight 9s.

I am inquiring about a potential work experience placement at [Company
Name] at any time from Monday 3rd July to Friday 21st July 2023.

Ever since my first project, which utilised question UUIDs and MathJax to
harvest all the answers to my Maths homework, I have had a deep fascination
for programming. Whether it's developing a Chrome extension that encourages
students to learn efficiently or creating the front-end that interacts with
an API, I fully immerse myself in every project. 50,000+ lines of code
later and countless hours of my life lost to debugging, I have developed
patience, perseverance and the ever-growing desire to learn more. With a
solid foundation in programming languages such as Python, Javascript, and
HTML/CSS, I am prepared to contribute to your team by assisting with
software development tasks and collaborating on real-world projects.

With experience in marketing and setting up an online hand-made card
business, I have excellent attention to detail and thoroughly enjoy
interacting with my community. Currently, I volunteer as a reading tutor
for immigrant students, but I have also led drama groups, taught English in
Indonesia (my home country), delegated roles and portrayed successful
leadership in order to work cohesively and ensure the original brief is
accomplished. I also have a few regional karate medals, reinforcing my
discipline, resilience and constant aim for self-improvement.

I am committed to professionalism, confidentiality, and meeting deadlines.
I am confident that my strong work ethic and attention to detail will make
me a valuable asset to your team. I would appreciate the opportunity to
discuss this work experience placement further and provide any additional
information or references.

As an enthusiastic student with a keen interest in what your organisation
does, alongside an ability to learn new things and progress in this
industry, I would be very grateful to be considered for an opportunity at
[Company Name].

I am excited to hear from you soon.

Yours faithfully,

Alex lo Storto

---

https://alexlostorto.github.io/ | https://github.com/alexlostorto
